docs(dragonfish-gudie): update dragonfish guide (#627)
truecharts/website: src/content/docs/SCALE/migrations/cobia-dragonfish.mdx

    _Replace `TANK` in the command with your pool name that contains the ix-applications dataset_

    ```shell title="Remove Old OpenEBS"
    rm /mnt/TANK/ix-applications/k3s/server/manifests/zfs-operator.yaml && sudo k3s kubectl delete -f https://truecharts.org/openebsrem.yaml && sudo k3s kubectl delete storageClass openebs-zfspv-default
    ```

3. Create Dataset for PVCs and Install OpenEBS

    Continue with the OpenEBS setup section of our TrueNAS SCALE Getting Started [Guide](/scale/guides/getting-started#openebs-setup) and once complete, proceed to next step.

4. Migrate Apps to New Storage using TT-Migration Script

    Thanks to great collaboration with HeavyBullets, the TT-Migration tool will automate most of the migration process for existing apps:
    https://github.com/Heavybullets8/TT-Migration
    
    <ul>
        <li>Existing apps with PVCs or databases should be reinstalled using the TT-Migration script.</li>
        <li>System train apps (`cloudnative-pg`, `cert-manager`, etc.) **should _NOT_ be reinstalled**. You will see a warning in the script if you attempt to migrate a system train app.</li>

>         <li>Apps without PVC storage do _NOT_ need to be reinstalled. You will see a notice in the script if you attempt to migrate an app with no PVCs.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <li>Apps without PVC storage do need to be reinstalled to remove every remenant of old storage backends. You will see a notice in the script if you attempt to migrate an app with no PVCs.</li>
```
